
Developer's Certificate of Origin
=================================

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

    (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

    (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the
    best of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part by
    me, under the same open source license (unless I am permitted to
    submit under a different license), as indicated in the file; or

    (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified it.

    (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the license(s) involved.

    (e) I agree to the following terms and conditions:

    (1) Except for the license granted herein to the maintainer and
    recipients of software distributed by the maintainer, You
    reserve all right, title, and interest in and to your
    contributions.

    (2) Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and
    conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to the
    maintainer and to recipients of software distributed by the
    maintainer a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
    royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce,
    prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly
    perform, sublicense, and distribute your contributions and such
    derivative works.

    (3) Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and
    conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to the
    maintainer and to recipients of software distributed by the
    maintainer a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
    royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section)
    patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell,
    import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license
    applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are
    necessarily infringed by your contribution(s) alone or by
    combination of your contribution(s) with the Work to which such
    contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent
    litigation against You or any other entity (including a
    cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your
    contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed,
    constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then
    any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement
    for that contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date
    such litigation is filed.

    (4) You are not expected to provide support for your
    contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide
    support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at
    all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    You provide your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
    WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
    implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or
    conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
